All right.
So launch codes everyone likes launching missiles and when it in for fun not for like causing damage
or killing people but so that's what we're doing here.
We want to make sure that they're increasing in the proper order.
So we're going to take two properties an array with essentially the launch codes as well as the step
numbers.
And we want to know that hey if we call stage 1 for instance and they get very you can read this but
this is what it's basically saying if if you call stage 1 when we hit stage 1 again this is the sea
did the sequence increase when it was one.
You know we call stage 1 again here in step numbers two did we did we actually increase there because
we shut off right because we want our launch sequences to be in increasing order.
And then you do the same thing stage two.
Stage two dragon dragon and if that's a true statement we can return true if it's not we're going to
return false for for all that.
So the only item I did here this is mainly a logic based one was the has own property object method.
So here our objective is to make sure that if we've already called a launch sequence that the second
iteration is larger than the first.
So we need a way of keeping track of that.
The way that I did it I created a object here which I just called launch codes
and as I said it's an empty object.
Now when I'm going to iterate through the the system names the launch codes essentially the system name
that we're going to then append to launch codes and iterate through it and we'll do the entire item.
Should I do.
Yes.
We need we.
I was just trying to think if I needed the index value I'd do.
In fact.
All right.
So now what we are going to do we're going to do an if else check to check if this property exists in
our launch code if it doesn't we're going to send it to the current step number that we're iterating
on.
So we're into Jack.
If launch codes has owned property
and we're checking in on system names occurring with the current value that we're checking if that is
true we're going to go ahead and set launch codes plus that property just systems IMSAI equal to step
numbers.
Now the issue with that is this is going to this is going to just overwrite the value.
It's not going to we first have to check if hey is it.
If it's a second time because it now exists which says hey if the current launch code value right the
current launch code value systems that property right.
That's just the string That's our key.
If that key is greater than or equal to the current value in step numbers I we're just going return
false because we found out our case in which nothing works
but else outside of here we're just going to set the value right because it doesn't exist.
And we're going to it Systems names.
Equals Two-Step numbers and we're done.
So just go over the logic real quick one more time.
We create an object to store if we call it a launch code and to store what its value is.
What if it's been incrementing properly we do a check here to find out if that key exists.
If it doesn't we haven't called it yet and we don't need to do a check to see if it's incrementing.
It's the first item in its code type in its system name.
So we're going to set this step number to its value.
But if it does exist we are going to make a check to find out if it's incrementing properly and if it's
not we're going to return false if it is we're just going to update it to the next increment in its
launch code.
That's really it.